Document the `_` placeholder (#971)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/jobs.md

  branch: main
```

Do not forget that you can also use the top-level keys to store common keys like
`targets` and `actions` and only override them as needed in the `jobs` or

> `packages` section.

Reviewer: I think I know what you want to say here, but it's not doing a great job. You can't use top-level keys (except for the `_` that you allowed in the other PR), because we validate the schema.

Author: I'm trying to say that instead of having a 
```yaml
jobs:
  - &copr_build
    job: copr_build
    trigger: pull_request
    targets: &targets
      - fedora-all
      - epel-all
  - &tests
    job: tests
    trigger: pull_request
    targets: *targets
```
we should remember that we can define `targets` at the top-level
```yaml
targets:
  - fedora-all
  - epel-all
jobs:
  - &copr_build
    job: copr_build
    trigger: pull_request
  - &tests
    job: tests
    trigger: pull_request
```

That would be allowed by the schema validation. Any ideas on how to rephrase it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not forget that you can also define common Packit config options at the
top level (such as `targets` and `actions`) and only override them when
needed in the `jobs` or `packages` section.
```

maybe?

Author: Sounds good to me. I'll leave you to apply it if you have some other edits you want to stack up.
